By participating in or simply viewing this website, you are implicitly consenting to abide by the following rules, which are subject to change at any time. In the event of disagreement over the meaning of a particular rule, judgement is reserved by GuitarBattle.com.

Disclaimer:

GuitarBattle.com is not responsible for any content on this site which may be considered offensive or inappropriate, including but not limited to the following: insults, threats, offensive comments and/or pictures and/or sound files. GuitarBattle.com is furthermore not responsible for content contained on other websites which are linked to from GuitarBattle.com.

Membership:

In order to participate in GuitarBattle.com, you must become a member by creating an account with which you will log in to the site. At this time, membership to GuitarBattle.com is free of charge. GuitarBattle.com reserves the right to alter these terms at any time. In the event of a revision of membership terms, members will be notified at least one week in advance via e-mail. GuitarBattle.com also reserves the right to revoke any membership at any time for any reason.

Posting:

All entries must be performed by the posting member.

All entries must be either original pieces written by the posting member or covers of existing music performed by the posting member. In all cases of non-original music, the original composer must be cited.

All entries become property of GuitarBattle.com upon submission. GuitarBattle.com reserves the right to rebroadcast and redistribute all entries received.

All entries should be recorded as played. Modification of recorded entries by speeding them up, slowing them down, adding effects, or altering them in any other manner is not permitted. The only exception to this rule is downgrading the quality of a recorded audio file so as to bring the size of the file under the accepted size limit.

The maximum size entry allowed is 650 kb. Entries larger than this size will not be accepted.

If a member is suspected of violating any rules listed herein, you may e-mail abuse@guitarbattle.com to refer the suspected member. Do not post any such accusations on the messageboards or anywhere else on the website.

Voting:

All members (including the participants themselves) are limited to one vote per battle.

Any attempts to subvert the voting regulations will result in immediate termination of membership.

Privacy:

Information collected when your membership is created will not be sold or given to any third parties without your expressed consent. This consent is given in the form of a checkbox on the "Join" form. If, at any time after creation of your account, you wish to alter the status of your privacy options, you may e-mail privacy@guitarbattle.com with your request.
